>> REGINA MERIDITH: Glenn
Streeter is back with us again
after your enthusiastic
response to his information
on the subject of
energy healing.
And its accompanying
new technologies.
This is in the Gaia Archives,
our first interview.
Today, we'll dive deeper into
the history of energy healing
devices and how
far they've come.
And we've got a
really exciting show
with a lot of new
technologies to introduce you
to and meet you as well.
So, Glenn, welcome.
Good to have you back again.
>> GLENN STREETER: Great
to be back, Regina.
>> REGINA: You have a wonderful
little historical device with
us.
And because there's so much
new that's on the horizon,
we're going to kind of
hop through the history.
Because as you said off camera,
this is not a linear story.
This is a circular story.
So why don't you just
jump in and tell everybody
what you mean by that.
>> STREETER: So 1850s to late
1800s was a fascinating time.
We had the radio, the telegraph.
We had all these
incredible inventions
and the birth of Tesla and
also the creation of the AMA.
>> REGINA: And that's key.
>> STREETER: Yes it is.
[LAUGHTER]
>> REGINA: That kind of messed
with all the rest of it that
came before it.
>> STREETER: The
film camera as well--
so a huge time of change.
And all these energy
medicine devices
came out of that time like
the Lord Baltimore and Tesla's
Violet Ray, Lakhovsky's
multi wave oscillator--
just fascinating time and
they were efficacious.
>> REGINA: They still are.
>> STREETER: Absolutely.
>> REGINA: I mean, I don't
know if you know Steven Ross.
>> STREETER: Oh, for sure.
>> REGINA: You know Stephen?
>> STREETER: Yes.
>> REGINA: OK, so
Stephen has been using
the Lakhovsky's oscillator for
hundreds of clients through
the years.
And he never gave up on
the old technology, right?
And he just gets phenomenal
results with people with this.
So let's talk about that.
Let's talk about
the Tesla Violet Ray
because you have an original
model here with you today.
So let's talk about what
some of these technologies
did in the day and throw
a couple more in there
as well that had been lost
to time for the most part.
>> STREETER: OK,
so the Violet Ray,
the focus was on ozone
generating machine.
So it was used for aesthetics.
It was used for sore
throats and back pain.
And they sold thousands
of these units
until the '50s
with great results.
>> REGINA: And so
it's called the Tesla?
>> STREETER: The Tesla
Violet Ray but a multitude
of manufacturers created
it and change the name,
but he used his technology.
>> REGINA: And this was
originally created when?
When did it first come out?
>> STREETER: Late 1800s.
>> REGINA: Late 1800s--
so this ozone generator could
heal a multitude of conditions,
why?
>> STREETER: Well, oxygen is
really our best antioxidant,
is it not?
>> REGINA: It is.
>> STREETER: And ozone also has
the ability to kill pathogens.
So a lot of amazing
things came out of it.
>> REGINA: And they're
using it today.
I know a progressive doc
in Sedona who uses ozone--
for example, ozone injections--
to reverse the
horrific debilitating
effects of brown recluse
spider bites, for example.
So instead of the
tissue going necrotic
or losing your finger or
your hand or something,
he just shoots it in.
They say it hurts like heck.
But after the sting is
over it, stops the damage.
I mean, that's powerful stuff.
>> STREETER: The Four Pass Ozone
is something that your viewers
could look into if they're
suffering from Lyme or cancer
or other types of--
>> REGINA: Four Pass Ozone?
>> STREETER: Four Pass Ozone.
>> REGINA: What is that?
>> STREETER: They take the blood
out of the body and run it past
the ozone and back
into the body.
>> REGINA: Oh, yes, I
think he does that as well.
>> STREETER: It's a wonderful
adjunct to the proper
supplementation like safe
antibiotics and what have you--
natural antibiotics,
I should say.
>> REGINA: Yes, let's go into
Lakhovsky's device and a couple
others too.
What's been out there?
>> STREETER: So the Lord
Baltimore was a big hit.
And if we look at the wave
form of the Lord Baltimore,
it's identical to devices today
that are still efficacious.
>> REGINA: Now, tell us who
Lord Baltimore is and what
the device is.
It's under electrical
healing devices.
There's not much you can
find on the internet.
>> STREETER: You would hold
two stainless steel handles
in your hand.
And they would put this similar
wave form through the body.
And they got good results
with that as well.
>> REGINA: Well, people
get results from Hulda
Clark's little bug device.
>> STREETER: The Zapper.
>> REGINA: The
little bug zapper.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
It's the same thing.
>> STREETER: They're great.
But they just take forever.
That's the problem.
>> REGINA: I have one
that's put in a cigar box.
Someone wired one
up in a cigar box.
And I just put the little
copper handles back
in the cigar box when I use it.
And even though it's only
operating like, nine volts
or something, it actually can.
Like at the first sign
of a cold or something,
go through and
shift your body just
enough electrically
in the charge so
that you can kind of prevent
going any further in it.
>> STREETER: Sure.
They're alkalizing, which
is their primary focus,
and they're ionizing.
So ions are antioxidants.
>> REGINA: So let's talk
about Lord Baltimore's device,
which is more efficacious
than the bug zapper.
>> STREETER: Well, no, no.
I didn't say that.
>> REGINA: You said it
takes longer, actually.
>> STREETER: Yeah.
It takes longer.
All of those devices
are fantastic.
But imagine if you had to go
back to California on a horse.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> STREETER: You
could get there.
But it wouldn't be idea.
It wouldn't be efficient.
So.
>> REGINA: So Lord Baltimore's
device was very similar.
So it put this charge
through your body.
And you say it
alkalized the body.
>> STREETER: Mm hm.
And there was ionizing.
>> REGINA: And ionizing as well.
OK.
>> STREETER: But what's
fascinating is the wave form.
We've actually looked
in the laboratory,
and it's identical to
modern scanner devices
and certain PEMF machines.
>> REGINA: So he had
already done that.
And what was his era?
>> STREETER: That was in
the late 1800s as well.
>> REGINA: So 120, 30 years
ago, these things were already
happening.
>> STREETER: Right.
But by the '30s
they were beginning
to be under the
watchful eye of the AMA.
And the Rockefellers and big oil
and big pharma saw the threat
and put the kibosh on
the energy medicine--
the original movement--
very quickly.
>> REGINA: Dinshaw, all his
beautiful color healing that
was being adopted into
hospitals successfully with burn
patients, in psychiatric
wards for people.
Rife and his technology.
He was driven to becoming
essentially a penniless
drunkard when it was all over.
This brilliant, brilliant human
being witch-hunted because he
was curing cancer in the day.
>> STREETER: That's right.
>> REGINA: I mean,
does that drive you?
I mean, it really ticks
me off that these people
have gotten away
with suppressing
these technologies that served
humanity for all these years.
I mean, does any kind
of anger in that area
drive you at all to--
>> STREETER: Absolutely.
>> REGINA: --get it forward
again, because it does me.
>> STREETER: Well, if everyone
remembers my story from
the first episode, I really
have struggled with my health.
And I'm grateful for anything
that can assist that.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> STREETER: And to withhold
those from the public is a sin.
>> REGINA: It is a sin.
It's truly a sin, in my opinion.
So meanwhile, there
is all this genius
that has been given birth
to in this day and age.
People are remembering, if
they're not resurrecting.
They're even
remembering and adding
on to the technologies
that existed in the past.
They're even more available,
more potent, than in the past.
And we're going to talk
about some of them.
OK.
So let's take a look at
the Tesla violet ray tube.
Is that what it was called?
>> STREETER: Mm hm.
This one's from the 1930s from
the Master Electric Company.
And I do apologize.
It is broken.
But we can get an idea
of what it looks like
and how you would use it.
So this plugs into any 120 AC.
And then let's say that
you sprained your wrist.
You would simply
apply it like this.
And it would be going--
[MECHANICAL NOISE]
--like a neon bulb.
Right?
[BUZZING SOUND]
>> REGINA: Right.
>> STREETER: With
a beautiful color.
You can actually
watch it on YouTube.
>> REGINA: So it's violet.
>> STREETER: Right.
It's a specific
frequency to create
as much ozone as possible
and to oxygenate the area.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> STREETER: Antioxidant
capabilities.
>> REGINA: And that was it.
>> STREETER: That was it.
I mean, great stories.
You can read about them, because
they sold thousands of these.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
And you can still
see it on YouTube?
Just look under
Tesla violet ray?
>> STREETER: Yeah.
>> REGINA: OK.
Cool.
>> STREETER: And then
WeirdStuff.CA is a store
in Canada.
They deal with this stuff.
They're really neat folks.
So check them out.
>> REGINA: All right.
Cool.
As people are looking at
this Tesla violet ray device,
what did he do with it?
I mean, it looks really simple.
It's little cords,
little light bulb.
What did it-- how did it work?
>> STREETER: Well, again,
being an ozone generator,
you're treating in a
generalized fashion.
But some of the newer ones
that have piggybacked on that
are things like the
GB4000, which is actually
the most legitimate Rife
device that we have right now,
in my experience in
the laboratory testing.
>> REGINA: OK.
You know this is interesting
in and of itself.
Now the recreation
of old technologies
and refashioning them
into something new--
one of the things that was so
significant about Rife's work
is that he had the
universal scope where
he could watch the effect
of his frequencies--
his frequency generator-- on
the actual condition itself
under a microscope.
So he could see
exactly what worked
for tuberculosis or
any other condition,
because he could witness it.
That technology is
more or less gone.
Now I know there are hints that
other people have recreated
the universal scope and the
prismatic lens and all that.
But for all functional purposes
it's not really out there.
So how do they align
these new technologies
without the ability to
see in that refined sense
the effect of the
technology on the pathogen?
>> STREETER: Well,
that's a great question.
And the answer is that Rife's
technology was targeted.
So in other words, it was
meant to kill a pathogen.
>> REGINA: Yes, like at 3.88543.
>> STREETER: Right.
But if you get the
wrong frequency,
you're going to miss out.
And I know patients who have
spent years and gone nowhere
on Rife technology.
And it's not because
it doesn't work.
It's because they didn't
have the right specificity.
>> REGINA: Right.
So you talk about--
what is this?
The GB4000, right?
>> STREETER: Right.
That's still in the same
vein as a targeted device.
But it's actually
much more refined
than the devices of the past.
>> REGINA: Well, how so?
Because people are always
thrilled with Rife.
And they're going to go and
start looking this up as soon--
probably right now.
They probably pause
right now and look it up.
Why is it any different in
efficacy than the past Rife
devices of recent years?
>> STREETER: Well, the
antenna is more precise,
and so is the amplifier.
And they've done a
lot with electronics
in that time in terms of
potency and what have you.
But what I wanted to say is that
targeted devices are not really
the way of the future.
Generalized healing devices
or devices that are ionizing
or deliver either light
or PEMF to the body,
that's where things are headed.
So bathing the body
in a floodlight,
rather than having to kill with
a laser beam, so to speak--
>> REGINA: So an
exact frequency range.
>> STREETER: Right.
It's really a
better methodology.
It's just an evolution
of the state of the art.
>> REGINA: That makes sense.
So any other devices
of the past that you'd
like to bring into
the conversation that
are now being perfected?
>> STREETER: Sure.
One that's fun.
Oh, this one isn't perfected.
But Cal Wickstrom did
some brilliant work
with what's called the Wimshurst
Machine, which is actually
still used at MIT and
other laboratories today.
It's an electrostatic generator.
But he used it for what he
called persuasive exorcism.
>> REGINA: Oh.
What's-- what does that mean?
>> STREETER: There seems to be
an amazing occult focus in late
1800s in spiritism,
spirituality--
>> REGINA: Oh yes.
>> STREETER: Spiritism rites.
>> REGINA: Seances.
All of it.
>> STREETER: Right.
So Wickstrom and his wife
would actually go and eliminate
these demons or spirits--
>> REGINA: Oh, they
were ghost busters.
>> STREETER: Yeah.
With this technology.
With some success, I might add.
>> REGINA: OK.
So are any of those original
devices still around?
I know a couple of ghosts that
could be busted right now.
Is it still being used?
Do you know?
>> STREETER: Oh sure.
For sure.
But maybe not for the
spiritual purposes.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
Yeah.
>> STREETER: Then there was
Mesmer, who had a battery.
Actually, Mesmer's
work was mostly
with the battery
rather than hypnosis.
That's little known.
He would actually bring
the aristocracy from Europe
to his home and actually
have them place their hands
on the battery.
And there was so
many profound changes
that he developed
a real following.
>> REGINA: And placing
their hands on that battery,
how was that different from
having your little copper
or steel rods hooked
up to the battery?
Like in the bug box where you
have a little battery-operated
device where the battery's
sending out a signal--
9 volts or whatever--
like we talked about
through the bug zapper.
How is it different than putting
their hands on this battery?
What did it do?
>> STREETER: I think it was
more of a grounding thing,
because it's really
not a proper circuit.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
I was going to say--
I couldn't see.
So the value is in
grounding energy?
>> STREETER: Yeah.
And I think there was
some placebo going on.
>> REGINA: Right.
Yeah.
Got ya'.
>> STREETER: If the Count and
the Countess are getting good
results, than the peasants
would love to follow, right?
>> REGINA: Oh, yes.
OK.
Gotcha.
So yeah, so there was some
suggestion in there as well.
OK.
Any more of these devices?
>> STREETER: That's
pretty much--
>> REGINA: They're just kind
of fun little tidbits from
the past.
>> STREETER: Yeah.
It's fascinating.
And again, the circle of
history-- here we go again,
right.
With the internet
and with the advent
of micro and
nanotechnologies we're
able to make these devices
smaller and cheaper
and get them into the
hands of more people
and really be able to
study the efficacy of them
and be able to throw away the
ones that are more snake oil
than true science.
>> REGINA: Right.
And one of the things that's
really beautiful about what's
being offered
today is the number
of devices that have
the ability to diagnose.
>> STREETER: Right.
We're heavily down that road.
We feel like we're at
the tip of the spear
when it comes to biohacking.
And we don't use
the diagnostic word.
We use testing and assessment.
>> REGINA: Yes,
testing and assessment.
Because the biggest
problem is that when
someone ends up in a state
and ends up in the hospital,
they do not have
the proper matrix
for evaluating what's up with
someone, for the most part.
>> STREETER: Well,
when you call your--
>> REGINA: They can
look at one thing,
like your blood or maybe
your oxygen levels.
I mean, really simple
stuff that does not even
begin to dig down to
what inspired the event.
>> STREETER: Well, when you call
a lumberjack to be your auto
mechanic, you have a problem.
>> REGINA: Right, exactly.
And that's more or
less what's happening
when people are admitted to
the hospital with the quote--
all these sophisticated--
I mean, what can you get?
An MRI?
But beyond that, these
other technologies
that are out there now
are much more refined.
And of course, the
hospitals don't appear
to be adopting any of them.
Are there hospitals
that are now starting
to bring in some of
these diagnostic devices?
>> STREETER: Well, it is
encouraging to see the overlap
now between big biotech from the
big pharma corporations and big
medicine moving in the
direction of energy medicine.
For example, heart
rate variability
is now widely accepted.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> STREETER:
Certain frequencies,
specific micro currents.
I'm encouraged to see PT
clinics using laser therapy
and EMF now, finally, even
though the reimbursement is
poor.
>> REGINA: Well, that's good.
So the answer is yes.
It is starting, slowly.
>> STREETER: For sure.
>> REGINA: OK.
So let's talk about
first about diagnostics,
because part of the
problem is we usually
can't trace back to the origins
of what any particular disease
is going on in our
body, because they're
kind of multi-layers of it.
It's almost
multidimensional in nature.
You get into the
mind/body connection,
its effect on what some call the
etheric body, which goes deeper
into material expression
in the physical body.
Yet some of these devices
can actually detect that.
>> STREETER: Right.
It's really fascinating.
You could begin in a
lot of different places.
But let's start
with the ONDAMED,
for example, from Germany,
which is a brilliant device that
actually tests the
heart rate, looking
for an exact match for
a specific pathogen
perhaps, or organ
function, or what have you.
And then we can get into
holographic AI technologies
like the NuVision where
we can test for 130,000
items and instantaneously.
But more importantly
is that layering
that you just mentioned.
We're not just
dealing in 3D, we're
dealing in fourth and fifth
dimension and past lives
as well.
And it does sound
kind of woo woo.
But the science behind
it is really stunning.
And when you see the connection
when you talk to the patient
and say, wow.
They say, how did you know that?
This happens a lot.
>> REGINA: So let's dive into
one of those technologies,
that seeing you on a
multidimensional level
extending into your own history,
which is all encompassed within
the field.
>> STREETER: Mm hm.
So an example would
be with NuVision
we had a doubting
Nebraskan rancher who
sat there in the corner with
his arms folded and said,
this is hippie stuff.
And I can't believe
I'm paying for it.
NuVision said, loud explosion.
Loss of digits.
And he unfolded his
arms, and he said,
I lost three fingers in Vietnam
when a hand grenade went off
in my hand.
So I will shut up and listen
to your vision right now.
>> REGINA: Really?
Seriously.
So it shows to that degree.
>> STREETER: Right.
It's astounding.
It's really spiritual
at a certain level,
for lack of a better word.
>> REGINA: And so give us a
couple of examples that would
extend into other lifetimes that
particular imbalance or defect
was brought forward from.
>> STREETER: Yeah.
That's a good one.
We've had a number of people who
were pursuing goals financially
that really didn't
resonate with their heart.
And what came up for them was
past lives, healer qualities,
or past lives you were a shaman.
And one of them began
to cry and realize
that she wasn't living
out her purpose,
that she was supposed to
be a healer, cause she--
>> REGINA: And that literally--
I mean, the readout will
show you that specific?
>> STREETER: Mm hm.
And this was over and
over again for her.
>> REGINA: So talk about what
it's reading and how it's doing
that.
>> STREETER: Well, each
of us has an IP address,
just like the phone
or the laptop.
And we are a hologram.
And we can be read by technology
that's high enough to do that,
with an astounding
amount of accuracy.
>> REGINA: So let's
talk about the inventors
of the technology.
>> STREETER: One of the top
people who worked for DARPA
left to create the technology.
>> REGINA: Well,
that's intriguing.
>> STREETER: Yeah.
>> REGINA: So let's
talk about that.
>> STREETER: So it's not
all about dark things.
>> REGINA: We're going to talk
about the dark and the light
of these.
So let's look at how DARPA
might have been able to use
that kind of technology.
And then let's talk
about how this man came
forward and decided to
use it the way he did.
>> STREETER: Well, kind of in
a radionic fashion it would be
possible to use the
NuVision in a nefarious way.
We haven't necessarily
seen that yet.
But we do have the capacity to
broadcast healing frequencies
to people, like homeopathics
and herbs and good intentions
and what have you.
So theoretically it would
be possible to do that.
>> REGINA: Well, and it
has often been said that
there's great knowledge
waiting for humanity,
whether it's under the right
paw of the Sphinx or whether
it's 100 yards and 100 feet
under the ground from the Great
Pyramid, or somewhere in the
Yucatan that there are vaults
of future knowledge
waiting to be remembered,
waiting to be revealed to
us once there is a level
of maturity in our own thinking.
And so that's why I ask about
the dark and the light of it,
because I think everyone
watching this show
understands that and is
also saddened by the fact
that a lot of the highest, most
refined, beautiful technologies
have been sequestered by the
military industrial complex.
And that they're 50 to 100
years ahead in application
and not always in
our best interest.
>> STREETER: Well, the
difference now is if you look
at our great
grandparents, perhaps,
they had many less vectors
than we have to deal with.
Right?
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
>> STREETER: Food was food.
It wasn't organic and
GMO and garbage food.
>> REGINA: It was in the garden.
And you went and you put
your scraps out there.
>> STREETER: They
didn't have chem trails.
They didn't have EMFs.
So although they didn't
have the medical technology
that we have, they didn't
have as many vectors.
But here's the good news.
We have all of
these extra vectors,
but we also have a solution,
theoretically, to each of them.
>> REGINA: Yes.
I mean, that is the good news.
So this man that developed the
NuVision, what was he doing?
Cause now I'm going
down that rabbit hole.
So what was he originally
doing with DARPA?
And what inspired him
to do the NuVision?
And what was his
technological area
of expertise that
allowed him to even
be able to essentially develop
a multi-dimensional kind
of imbalance detection device?
>> STREETER: Well, they're
a little vague about it.
But it's my
understanding that he
was a leader in
holographic AI technology,
and wanted to use it
for positive purposes.
And then he teamed
up with a team here--
Dr. Gwen Foster and
others here in Boulder.
It's based on Hanna
Kroeger's database.
>> REGINA: Tell us
about Hanna Kroeger.
>> STREETER: Hanna was a real
feisty German woman who changed
medicine forever in America.
She basically brought
the German new medicine
or the German methodology here.
And her great contribution is
the documentation of everything
that she could
get her hands on--
every homeopathic, every herb,
every nutritional supplement.
>> REGINA: She created
an organic database.
>> STREETER: Right.
Huge notebooks
and what have you.
So all that's been
put into NuVision.
But it's not
limited to her work.
>> REGINA: The data is across
all platforms of emotions.
>> STREETER: Right.
There's Dr. Hamer's
work from Germany
with head trauma and head
space and what have you,
and how the brain can affect the
organs and mood and you know--
I fell off the
swings when I was 12
and hit this spot of my brain
that deals with being happy.
And so I'm depressed
all the time.
Right.
I mean, just being able
to suss those things out
for people is so life-changing.
So now they have
a reason, right?
They know.
And we can't manage
what we don't measure.
>> REGINA: This is
really encouraging,
and it's fun for people as well.
We like to hear about surprising
stories and success stories.
Tell us about a few
stories of NuVision
where really someone thought
they came in for one thing,
but there was something
entirely else going on.
And where maybe it
even could've been
a game changer or a lifesaver
to have this detected.
>> STREETER: We had a little
girl from the Philippines.
Some really strange
things-- readings--
came up with bad
experience with older man.
Right.
And so the family started
thinking the worst, right?
So we started digging deeper.
And what happened was she
actually had a tooth pulled
outdoors in the Philippines
when she was 8 or 9, I believe.
And the doctor was standing
on top of the chair
and using a pair of pliers
and pulling the tooth out
with no anesthesia.
So what everyone thought
was the worst of the worst
was actually a
dentist just trying
to do his job in a
jungle situation.
>> REGINA: In a
It was painful.
And she was scared.
And it was traumatic.
>> STREETER: But the Western
doctors got a hold of her
and really made
a mess of things.
But with NuVision we were able
to sort it out and put her
on a natural antipathogen.
>> REGINA: So tell us about what
had happened with the Western
doctors.
>> STREETER: Well, she was
close to having a stroke.
And so they--
>> REGINA: Little girl?
>> STREETER: Yeah.
Because the infection in
the jaw from the tooth
actually occluded
blood flow to the brain
and created an
infection up there
that wasn't able
to drain properly.
So using our methods, we
were able to bring her back.
And she's doing great now.
And the family is ecstatic.
>> REGINA: That's beautiful.
>> STREETER: And I got
to see her in September.
So that was nice.
>> REGINA: And so
she's on the mend.
>> STREETER: Yeah.
>> REGINA: OK.
A couple more of these, please.
We love these.
I love these.
We love these stories.
>> STREETER: Well, I'll
give you an animal story.
We had a golden retriever
who's getting old.
His name is Kit Carson.
And Kit had an infection and
went through the NuVision.
And they were able to
determine a whole bunch
of different things that
were going on with him.
He's doing great now.
>> REGINA: So NuVision doesn't
have any prejudice between
species.
It can read a dog
like it can read--
Did it say anything
about his past lives?
I mean, there are all the movies
out right now about dogs--
a dog's purpose and a dog's
journey and dogs' past lives.
And I personally believe
they do have past lives.
Even if it's not exactly
the same as it is with us.
But I was kind of
joking and kind of not.
It was reading
him also on a kind
of a multidimensional level
and emotionally and everything
as well?
>> STREETER: Yeah.
But we were more
focused on the 3D
for him because of
the serious infection.
And so I don't really
recall the past life stuff.
>> REGINA: So have any
veterinary clinics,
for example, adopted
this technology?
>> STREETER: Well, most of the
vets tend to be Western trained
in that drug model.
But there are some
progressive folks around here
who are getting into
CBD and carbon 60.
>> REGINA: And we're going
to get all that in a minute.
>> STREETER: And laser therapies
and PEMF and seeing incredible
results with animals.
>> REGINA: What happens
when people come to you?
Obviously a lot of them have
already been to medical doctors
and have been either not
diagnosed or misdiagnosed.
And they end up with
NuVision Technology.
And it shows them a different
spectrum of causal effect
and so forth.
What happens after that?
Do they go back to their
doctors and say, hey,
does anyone honor that
information outside
of the alternative
healing community?
>> STREETER: I'd say the
naturopaths and the osteopaths
and chiros tend
to be open to it.
>> REGINA: OK.
That's good.
So there's starting to be
a melding a little bit.
>> STREETER: But you know, too
many cooks spoil the broth.
Right?
So I tell people, look.
You've been to 20 people.
And it's failed.
If you trust me, we
can make this happen.
But if you're going to have
one foot in both camps,
I really can't help you.
There's exceptions, of course.
But like if you think you're
going to do chemo and radiation
and then do our Nanoxide
and do our PEMF, which
are anti-cancer, and you're
going to beat the cancer,
you're not stacking
the deck in your favor.
>> REGINA: Mm hm.
But then that puts the
burden of the responsibility
for correctly
assessing the situation
and for treatment in your hands.
>> STREETER: Well, we
don't diagnose, treat,
or cure any disease
or condition, right?
>> REGINA: Yeah.
You just help balance
things after you
see what a readout says.
Right?
>> STREETER: We're eliminating
the things that need to be
eliminated and we're introducing
the things that are lacking,
typically voltage and light.
>> REGINA: Right.
Exactly.
So you're talking
about things that
are more ubiquitous in nature.
So you're flooding
the body with--
the entire system--
with a frequency range,
for example, rather
than the targeted one
you're talking about.
>> STREETER: Right.
>> REGINA: And then you're
eliminating the toxins.
And I assume detox is
part of the problem--
part of the solution a
lot of times as well.
Right?
>> STREETER: Well, one of the
new focuses now is 50% detox
and 50% regeneration.
>> REGINA: OK.
>> STREETER: So what we remove
is just as important at this
point because of all these
vectors that we spoke about.
For example, on
NuVision it's about 100%
of folks have mercury toxicity.
About 100% have Lyme, like
we talked about last time.
>> REGINA: What about aluminum?
>> STREETER: Aluminum.
Yes.
And barium.
Strontium.
>> REGINA: Everything in the
chem trails/ contrails both.
OK.
>> STREETER: So the other thing
with NuVision is we can do
demographic studies, which
could be really important for us
moving forward.
Imagine one in every country
and being able to test people
and being able to
say, oh, there's
an Ebola outbreak in
the Sudan right now.
And have it be verifiable
with the device, right,
and then verifiable with
blood work and what have you.
>> REGINA: No.
That's really important.
I was listening recently.
I did a little
piece on my own site
on essentially very
gentle and affordable ways
starting to detox from
aluminum toxicity in the body.
And Klinghardt-- Dr. Klinghardt,
Dietrich Klinghardt--
was saying that in his American
patients in the studies
they've done, that virtually
100% have aluminum toxicity.
And that's the same
thing you're finding.
>> STREETER: I would
corroborate that.
But the good news is we
have easy, inexpensive ways
to remove that now.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
Exactly.
>> STREETER: It's not
a $3,000 IV procedure
at the doctor's office anymore.
>> REGINA: No, it's not.
>> STREETER: We have
EDTA suppositories
and under-the-tongue
sublingual that are inexpensive
and incredibly effective.
>> REGINA: And we can start with
simple things like citric acid.
>> STREETER: Cilantro.
>> REGINA: Cilantro.
>> STREETER: Algae.
>> REGINA: Exactly.
And algae.
>> STREETER: And even
carbon 60 is a chelator.
>> REGINA: Yes.
And they start to chelate
these things out of the body,
because we cannot escape them.
And so when someone
comes to you and you
start seeing the
array of imbalances
through the detection device,
you start with these protocols
first-- with the
detoxing protocols
dependent on what is showing up
in dominance in their bodies.
>> STREETER: Well, we typically
focus on the infectious agents
first, because they're
more aggressive.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> STREETER: Right.
You remember pleomorphism.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> STREETER: From Gunther
Enderlein and all of those
fantastic guys that we didn't
get a chance to talk about.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> STREETER: [INAUDIBLE].
Right.
All those amazing
people who discovered
that these pathogens are
changing their state in order
to survive, just like any
smart entity would do.
Right?
>> REGINA: Right.
>> STREETER: That's
the priority.
Once we get the
pathogens under control
and get the body
alkalized to a point
where they can deal
with it, then we
begin to look at metals,
plastics, xenoestrogens,
pesticides, basically
the toxicity matrix
that we like to talk about.
You know, colon therapy is
an integral part of that.
>> REGINA: Yes.
Yes, I would think so.
Yes.
So you'll go after the bacteria
or the viral infection first.
>> STREETER: Right.
But pathogens is a
big umbrella now.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
That's true.
>> STREETER: Mycoplasms,
prions, et cetera.
>> REGINA: So you deal with
the infectious pathogens first,
right?
What about molds, for example?
>> STREETER: Well,
they're a tough one.
But they do respond
well to nanosilvers,
especially oxygenated ones like
nanoxide, turpentine therapy,
like we talked about last time,
which people should look up Dr.
Jennifer Daniels on YouTube.
>> REGINA: What about
fungal infections?
>> STREETER: Same.
>> REGINA: Same.
>> STREETER: Yeah.
>> REGINA: And are these fairly
common in our bodies right now?
>> STREETER: Yeah.
There seems to be
a Candida problem
with probably over 80%,
90% of people as well.
But Candida is
necessary for life.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> STREETER: So it's
a very fine line.
And it's much more
important to think
about changing the terrain
rather than targeting
a specific pathogen
for elimination.
Does that make sense?
>> REGINA: Yeah.
No.
That makes sense.
>> STREETER: Cause if we're
alkaline, they'll just die off.
Or through pleomorphism they'll
change into something harmless.
Like a harmful Candida
becoming the one
that we need for digestion.
>> REGINA: Right.
So how would you
guide people, then,
to start detoxing the
harmful Candida while leaving
intact the healthy Candida.
>> STREETER: Well, most--
>> REGINA: Since
we're on the topic.
>> STREETER: Most people
are way too acidic.
>> REGINA: Mm hm.
>> STREETER: And most people are
on the classic American diet.
Right?
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> STREETER: Heavy in cheeses
and grains and meats and coffee
and alcohol and all these
things that are just completely
acidifying, right?
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> STREETER: And they wonder
why they have all these disease
states, particularly joint pain
and arthritis and what have
you.
Unmotivated.
>> REGINA: And it's shocking.
Yes.
And it's shocking how fast
those symptoms can be reversed.
>> STREETER: Oh, it's amazing.
>> REGINA: I mean, I've done
this protocol a couple times
now where I'll get too acidic.
I'll be too American, you know.
Cause I love to bake.
It's a thing.
I just enjoy the
comfort and loveliness
of baking for people.
So I like to make little things.
And so I'm getting
better in terms
of learning how to make
it low carb, paleo,
gluten-free, friendly for all.
Monk fruit instead of sugars.
I'm learning all this.
But along the way, if
I'm playing too much
I'll start getting acidic.
And I can tell.
And I'll go on basically just a
kind of vegetable and vegetable
juice diet, just keep
it really simple.
Vegetable soup, vegetable
salads, vegetable juices.
And it is really
pretty shocking.
I mean, and just add
a few little things,
whether it's a little bit of
charcoal or flax seed in there
to just kind of move things out.
How fast the body adjusts,
how quickly all of the toxins
move out, how all the fluids
that the body's holding just
start releasing.
I mean, it's like, how can that
work within six days' time,
for example?
And I think that's
where people don't
have faith in
their own bodies is
that our bodies are so
perfectly engineered,
if we just treat it right for
a little while, to help us,
to heal us.
>> STREETER: Well, the body
loves to be homeostatic.
And it loves to be homeodynamic.
And it's always moving
in that direction.
Right?
>> REGINA: Right.
>> STREETER: And so whatever we
can do to assist that is ideal.
And simple things like fasting
for 12 hours, 24 hours,
can actually raise the immune
system by 10%, 15%, 20%.
Right?
>> REGINA: Right.
But the average American diet,
you're eating at 9:00 at night
and again at 7:00
in the morning.
So you don't even
make a 12-hour window.
>> STREETER: Right.
>> REGINA: But on the
subject of fasting,
since we're there we'll
just touch on it for a sec.
It doesn't have to be
extreme, as was once thought.
You can do a 15-hour or 18-hour
fast and have it significantly,
as you say, improve the
function of the immune system.
>> STREETER: Sure.
And there's things
that you can add,
like bioage algae,
which can assist you
so that you don't get--
you don't start wasting away
with your muscles and proteins
and what have you.
Fresh fruit and vegetable
juices can be a part of that.
So it doesn't have to
be completely monk-like.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> STREETER: Right.
>> REGINA: So I think the whole
world of fasting is coming
around to something
that's actually doable,
rather than these original
go on the Master Cleanse diet
for seven to 10 to 30 days,
which of course scares the poo
out of everyone to begin with.
So no one even wants
to give it a try.
And then a few brave
souls go through and say,
I've seen the light.
I've never been so
clear in my life.
And oh, I wish I had the
discipline to do that.
We're kind of erasing
those kind of--
those dividing lines now.
>> STREETER: Right.
And what we're finding is if
we add colon therapy to that
and PEMF and certain
other things,
we can really speed up the
whole detox process probably
in half, or by 2/3.
Right.
>> REGINA: What would
be your protocol, then,
for someone who comes in and
they've got all this stuff.
100%.
They've got mercury.
They've got Candida.
They have aluminum toxicity.
All these toxins in their body.
What do you do with them?
>> STREETER: Well, everyone in
the Western mindset is looking
for the silver bullet.
But they need to understand--
>> REGINA: Everyone's different.
>> STREETER: --life
is a tool box.
You don't paint a
house with a hammer.
And you don't pound
nails with a paint brush.
So we start with
typically with nanoxide,
which is our silver
water, which is
a very powerful anti-pathogen
with a long track
record of incredible efficacy.
And then we usually
put them on EDTA
if they have some type
of mercury problem.
And the colon
cleansing, of course.
And then either they come to
the office and get the PEMF,
or they purchase one,
because the prices are
coming down and becoming
more reasonable for people
to have those.
We can look into laser
therapies and light therapies.
And then some of the
newer technologies
that we have now that
we're pretty excited about.
>> REGINA: First of
all, explain again.
We talked about it last time.
So they can go to our first
interview in the Gaia archives.
And I did another show
on it as well on PEMF.
But just refresh everyone
quickly as to what PEMF is.
And then let's go into some
of the other technologies--
the cold laser ones.
>> STREETER: The Schumann
resonance is 7.84 hertz,
or at least that's what
it's supposed to be.
It's Mama planet
Earth's heartbeat.
Right?
And our brains and
our hearts resonate
at the exact same frequency.
Studies have shown that
headaches, heart disease,
and all kinds of problems
are because we're
disconnected from this pulse.
So folks who don't
get enough sunlight,
they don't spend time
outdoors, what have you.
So we can actually recreate
that pulse with these devices.
And if you can imagine being
outdoors as an acoustic guitar,
we're turning it into
an electric guitar.
We're plugging in.
Right?
So we're just shortening
that window of something
that people are
deficient in that's
just as important as food.
So when the PEMF device is
interjected to the body,
we have a 400% increase in
stem cell proliferation.
We have the Krebs cycle
begin to speed up.
ATP production, neuropeptides,
lymphatic drainage,
feelings of well-being,
pain relief, and almost
instantaneously.
10, 15 minutes.
So that's exciting.
And long-term we're
seeing incredible results.
Especially with
the animals where
there's no placebo effect.
>> REGINA: Right.
It's always fun with
kids and animals,
because they don't
have any expectations.
>> STREETER: There's no agenda.
>> REGINA: It's pure.
Yeah.
It's pure.
What is the other one-- the
name of the other method
that's out there right now
that a lot of people are using?
>> STREETER: The Bemer.
>> REGINA: Bemer.
Yeah.
So Bemer is what kind
of technology as opposed
to the PEMF?
>> STREETER: Well, Bemer
is a brilliant technology.
But what it's trying
to do is be more
of an opera or an orchestra
rather than a rock concert,
which is what some of the other
higher powered PEMF machines
are.
The Bemer is 0.66 Gauss, which
is a measure of horsepower
for these devices.
Some of the other clinical
devices are 1400 and above.
Bemer is brilliant for adrenal
fatigue, thyroid fatigue,
some of these other--
>> REGINA: Kind of boosting
your basic energetic systems.
>> STREETER: Infants
and the elderly.
But if you think you're going
to fix your knee cartilage
problem, it's probably
not going to happen
with that level of power.
And you're better off
looking at something
that's a little more versatile.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
Actually what you
just said makes sense.
I know an elderly woman
who's had some issues.
And she's been
using the Bemer mat.
And for her it does help too.
Cause she's very delicate and
has some cancer in her neck.
>> STREETER: Some need a nudge,
and some need a hip check.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
She's really helping
with the pain modulation
for her, is doing
very well for her.
But she can't take
anything strong.
So what you're
saying essentially,
if you to get in and--
as you say, turn up
the amps, then you go,
you would say, to a PEMF device.
Right?
>> STREETER: Right.
Well, Bemer is technically PEMF.
But it's on the--
it's on the more
>> REGINA: Stronger scale
>> STREETER: --more
resonant side.
>> REGINA: OK.
>> STREETER: For example, I have
a patient right now who's got
a Bemer who's doing really great
with it for his adrenal fatigue
and his Lyme.
But his back is killing
him, and he can't ski.
And it's not working for him.
So he comes and uses
our pulsed harmonics
or higher powered device.
>> REGINA: Another thing.
Because I've always resonated
with light and color,
I have a device that's
doing near and far infrared.
So let's talk about the role
and near and far infrared
and what that's doing right now.
Because those devices
are ubiquitous.
>> STREETER: Sure.
Well, PEMF is the
foundation of the pyramid.
It's low frequency, typically.
The light is a higher frequency
and represents more of an ATP
and a nitric oxide
type of pathway.
>> REGINA: And tell
us what that does.
>> STREETER: Well the ATP is
the currency of all life, right,
in the Krebs cycle.
And the nitric oxide is
what causes vasodilation.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> STREETER: So in people
like diabetics with diabetic
neuropathy, the reason they're
having these problems is that
the tissue from the elbow out
or the knee down has literally
become like granite.
And it's difficult for
fluids to move through rock.
Right?
So we're literally
decalcifying and making
these more malleable.
So imagine a piece of granite
becoming more like a brand
new rubber band, if you will.
>> REGINA: And so these
frequencies of light can really
get in there and start allowing
that circulation to flow again.
>> STREETER: Sure.
And what we found is
that the combination
of the light
therapies and the PEMF
is actually ideal, if
people have the resources.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
Yeah.
OK.
So let's talk beyond that.
Let's go to-- there's
some things in here
that I don't know about.
And one of them is the NanoVi
and also the holy hydrogen.
>> STREETER: Right.
>> REGINA: So most people
haven't heard of these
technologies.
>> STREETER: So there's a new
thought process of instead
of having to expend huge amounts
of money and take a capsule
every time that you
want a desired result,
what if you could make a machine
that for the rest of your life
could create the same result
and not have to deal with
the supplements and the
bottles and what have you?
Which is really quite brilliant.
>> REGINA: So it's just
supplying the frequencies.
>> STREETER: Well, like the
holy hydrogen, for example,
is infusing the water with
hydrogen for up to 12 hours
so that you can put it in your
water bottle or your Camelbak.
>> REGINA: What form
does it come in?
How is it infused?
>> STREETER: Well, it's a
machine that actually infuses
the hydrogen in the water and
makes it stick so that when we
drink that, we get that
incredible antioxidant
capability of the hydrogen,
which is hundreds of times more
than vitamin C.
>> REGINA: And so how does
this dovetail, for example,
with Patrick Flanagan's original
technology of mega h and all
of that, where he's using a
supplemental powder in order
to do this super hydrogenated--
>> STREETER: Well,
Patrick is brilliant,
and people have copied him--
>> REGINA: Many, many times.
>> STREETER: Quicksilver
has the Elite H2,
which is a great product.
But what we're finding is that--
and this is really important--
is that there are ROS out there.
And your viewers
should study this.
It's called Reduced
Oxygen Species.
Right.
Some of them are
necessary for life,
and others are oxidative
and can lead to cancer.
>> REGINA: So let's talk
about where the ROS is.
>> STREETER: The beauty of
the holy hydrogen is it's only
producing positive ROS
that's helpful for the body,
which is a real breakthrough.
>> REGINA: So you're saying some
of these products on the market
can actually be damaging.
>> STREETER: Well, they
can produce negative ROS.
And if your body can deal
with that, then that's fine.
And if the ratio is maybe 75
to 25, then we're cooking.
But some of the
older technologies,
like the violet
ray, we don't even
know what kind of
negative ROS they
may have produced, for example.
So we're just getting
more specific with being
able to be efficacious.
>> REGINA: So holy
hydrogen is a device.
>> STREETER: Mm hm.
It's a desktop.
And you infuse your
water every day.
And people are overcoming
all kinds of problems
just because we live in a
hugely oxidative environment.
>> REGINA: Oh, boy, do we.
With a massively
reduced oxygen supply.
The oxygen available to
us in the air in general
is hugely reduced.
It's not really sufficient
to support life--
human life any longer.
We're adapting to it.
But most of us barely
breathe anyway.
Right?
>> STREETER: Right.
>> REGINA: So somehow we're
still alive and we're adapting
to it.
But that is a serious issue.
>> STREETER: And we
can get to it later.
But the 5G actually is
targeting the oxygen molecule
in the human body.
>> REGINA: We don't
have to get to it later.
Let's just talk
about it right now.
Because we're on the
subject of holy hydrogen.
>> STREETER: Well, let me just
talk about NanoVi real quick,
if we could.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
Let's talk about NanoVi,
and let's go to 5G.
>> STREETER: OK.
So NanoVi is an amazing
technology from Germany
that's been around
for a long time,
but was not the ideal
ROS ratio until now.
So it's pretty much 100%
positive for reduced oxygen
species.
>> REGINA: Is it similar
to the Holy Hydrogen?
>> STREETER: Yes.
But it doesn't-- it's not
dealing at the hydrogen level.
It's putting a 1,260 nanometer
frequency into the water.
>> REGINA: Which does what?
>> STREETER: And then
you drink the water.
And it's a signaling
mechanism for protein folding
in ATP production and
stem cell production.
So it's really
exciting technology
to be able to deal on this very
subtle level in the chromosome
DNA level that actually
creates huge benefits,
because remember, DNA
chromosomes become cells.
Cells become tissues.
Tissues become organs.
And organs become people.
So it really behooves
us to break the body
and bio-hack all the way down
to that level for great results.
>> REGINA: So the NanoVi.
How much does that cost?
Everybody's thinking--
ka-ching. $2,000,
>> STREETER: It's
$5,000 to about $14,000.
>> REGINA: To $14,000.
To PEMF.
>> STREETER: But think
about what people spend
on their health now.
>> REGINA: Vacations
and everything else.
PEMF.
How many thousands on PEMF?
>> STREETER: Well, they range
from about 1,000 to-- well
I'm sure, about 300 to 40,000.
>> REGINA: To about 40,000.
So there's a whole range
of PEF and PEMF devices.
OK.
So I just thinking.
People have to work
this one through.
Do you want to carry a mortgage
or take care of your health?
OK.
These are choices.
So stem cell therapies that
are happening right now.
And then because this
is also affected,
then I do want to
go to 5G briefly,
as terrifying a thought
as that is, for a moment.
OK.
>> STREETER: So what's
really need to see,
like I mentioned earlier, is
the biotech industry coming
to a different tact.
And there's been some
great breakthroughs
with Western medicine and
their stem cell injections
and what have you.
>> REGINA: Yes.
Using our own stem cells.
>> STREETER: But
they are expensive.
And they usually require a trip.
And they're very specific
to a joint or an organ.
And the success rate
is not 100% yet.
What we find is that if you
can combine the injections
with an oral stem cell, like
Origin-22 on our website, which
is a Chinese herb
called Scutellaria
that is in a proper
ratio with other things
that actually increases
immunoglobulin A in the gut.
And IGA is the basis of
all mucous membranes.
So gut, joints, brain.
Right?
Amazing stories there.
Regrowing fingertips,
regrowing spleens,
regrowing your jawbone.
>> REGINA: I cut
off three fingers.
I need some.
>> STREETER: They regrew a jaw
bone in a gentleman that they
couldn't even put the implant in
because the jaw was like Jello.
And after three months
on this product,
he was able to get the implant.
>> REGINA: This
is the Origin-22?
>> STREETER: Right.
>> REGINA: So what does it do?
It activates--
>> STREETER: It activates IGA.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> STREETER: Right.
>> REGINA: OK.
>> STREETER: So immunoglobulin
A is the basis of these mucous
membranes at the
stem cell level.
>> REGINA: OK.
I want to talk about
5G before we get back
to Imuregen. Is
that how you say it?
>> STREETER: Imuregen.
>> REGINA: Imuregen.
>> STREETER: So--
>> REGINA: Before
we get to that.
>> STREETER: 1954 this was
created in Czechoslovakia.
And it's been around
for this long.
But it's finally
coming to America now.
And our group is
bringing this in.
We're really excited about it.
>> REGINA: What is it?
>> STREETER: It's
minerals, enzymes,
and other oligosaccharides
and things like that,
nucleotides that actually
create, theoretically,
the basis for cell creation.
So in other words, if
you were in a laboratory
and you wanted to
make a cell, you
would need this as a foundation.
This is curing avascular
necrosis, Down's syndrome,
cancer, all kinds of things.
And it has for well, 1954.
>> REGINA: So how
come it's been hidden?
You said Czechoslovakia?
>> STREETER: Mm hm.
>> REGINA: How come it's been
hidden away all this time?
>> STREETER: Welcome
to big pharma.
Right?
>> REGINA: Right.
>> STREETER: And it's
in the Philippines now.
And so they made the
jump from Czechoslovakia
to the Philippines.
And now it's coming to America.
And we think it's going to
be the hottest thing going
right now.
It's really exciting.
I've been on it for a week now.
And it's already a game-changer.
>> REGINA: So anybody
can have access to it?
>> STREETER: Oh yeah.
>> REGINA: When the time
comes, anyone can purchase it.
What do you take
it as a supplement?
>> STREETER: Mm hm.
It's a liquid.
Under the tongue.
>> REGINA: Does it have
any downsides to it?
>> STREETER: None
that we can see.
>> REGINA: OK.
So let's talk about you.
You've been on it for a
week, which is still new.
And a lot of time the
first things you notice
happen in that first
week-- or two weeks--
because it's kind of
shocking your system.
>> STREETER: Right.
>> REGINA: So what
have you noticed?
>> STREETER: Well, even
though I'm part cave man,
I'm also really sensitive
to devices and supplements
for some reason.
I've noticed increased mood,
better digestion, better sleep.
My gut is a lot happier in
terms of nervousness or anxiety
or what have you.
And sports performance
is off the charts.
I went and skied the other
day all day in powder.
And it was a marvelous day.
Didn't get tired.
And lactic acid buffering,
those types of things.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> STREETER: And recovery.
Usually the next day
after a big output for me
like that is not
really pleasant.
Not pain, necessarily.
But just overwhelming fatigue.
This was great.
A lot less.
>> REGINA: So
Imuregen is its name.
How much does that cost?
>> STREETER: It's $120 a
bottle, which is a month.
So not ridiculous, particularly
seeing what can come of it.
>> REGINA: OK.
Well, I think most people
will say that that's
kind of in their wheelhouse.
They can give it a
whirl for a month or two
and see if they're
noticing the difference.
Right?
OK.
So finally, let's get to 5G.
It's rolling out.
You've been following the story.
And although, as you say,
you're no expert on it.
But you have been following it.
You have to for your work.
Many doctors are coming out
and saying this is devastating.
Now if you assume that
there is no solution
and that the human body is
not capable of adapting,
it sounds like an
absolute nightmare
ready to unfold for humanity.
And I guess it's coming
to a theater near us
in the United States first.
Right?
>> STREETER: Right.
>> REGINA: So let's talk
about it for a moment.
And then also,
some of the ways we
can ameliorate some
of the effects,
or potentially or actually.
>> STREETER: OK.
Well, the sad part
is that they could
have chosen a whole host
of other frequencies
like the Russian work on
scalar waves and torsion fields
for communication
and what have you.
But they chose this
millimeter microwave scenario
partly as a eugenics
program, from my research,
and partly as a way to keep
people in the Western system
and keep people
sad and depressed
and not be able to rise
up against the tyrannical
government.
Right?
And it's very
inefficient, because you
have to have a tower every
x amount of feet in order
to make it happen.
>> REGINA: Lots of them.
>> STREETER: Lots of them.
So it is heating.
But it's also the same frequency
that destroys human oxygen,
or binds to human oxygen.
So the original
studies are not pretty.
I kind of like to lean
towards George Carlin
when he says, oh, you think
you're going to ruin the earth?
She's going to keep going
for millions of years.
And so will humanity.
And I'd like to
not be a doomsayer.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
No.
I'm with you on that.
But we need to be aware.
>> STREETER: This one is bad.
And it's unnecessary.
Some of the
protections against it
might be some of the EMF
bracelets and what have you.
Maybe Reich technology
with Orgone.
But we know that
carbon 60 and CBD
do have protective capabilities
to keep the inflammation down
and keep the microwave
oven effect to a minimum,
if you will.
>> REGINA: If it's having that
effect on the oxygen system
in the body, then how
does the hydrogen--
how do the hydrogen
technologies feed into that?
>> STREETER: Well,
they may be helpful.
We don't know yet.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
You just don't know.
>> STREETER: Probably the
best thing is going to be live
rurally.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, we live out
where there isn't much.
We just got cable TV.
>> STREETER: The scenarios
of living in an apartment
or a condo with 30,
40, 50 other 5Gs is--
I don't even know
how to contemplate
what that looks
like mathematically
and exponentially, as far
as damage to the body.
>> REGINA: Well, there are
two points this brings up.
And what's interesting is Jack
Cruz has stated that what's
going to happen is
he, as a neurosurgeon,
is stating that this
is going to interfere
with the delicate
instrumentation in the OR,
for example, in his profession.
And that this is going
to have to be addressed.
How do you block--
you have to start
blocking medical facilities, for
example, from these frequencies
so they can just do their job.
I mean, somewhere this is
going to have to get attention.
But what I'm seeing now-- boom.
I mean Verizon, everywhere.
Now they're starting
to come out.
5G on its way.
5G.
Fast, fast, fast.
You're going to be connected
to the rest of the world
faster than ever.
And most people are, yippee!
I'm going to be even--
it's already there
in a half a second or
a tenth of a second.
But maybe it's going to
be hundreds of a second.
This is us too.
>> STREETER: Mm hm.
>> REGINA: We as the consuming
public have also somewhat
allowed for this, because we've
been narcotized into the notion
faster, bigger is always better.
I mean, at what point
do we stand up and say,
we don't want faster.
We want healthier?
Right.
>> STREETER: Well, a
certain point in the past,
materialism surpassed humanism
as the driving force on this
planet.
Right?
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
>> STREETER: 5G was chosen so
that the micro traders who do
all these micro trades
can make a fortune,
because if they're too
slow, they can't do it.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
>> STREETER: Which is why the
Twin Towers were abandoned
mostly by financial people
because they had copper wiring,
and they needed fiber optics,
and they couldn't keep up with
all that.
Right?
So are we really going to
make micro trading more
important than people's health?
I think that's a lost society.
>> REGINA: I think it is too.
And it's partly for us to speak
up and say, no, thank you.
I don't want your faster.
And we have to make
hard decisions.
Maybe we do have to move
to a 200-square foot
cabin in the woods
instead of our apartment.
I don't know how this
is going to roll out.
Honestly.
>> STREETER: Fiji.
>> REGINA: Or Fiji or somewhere.
But not everybody can do that.
>> STREETER: Even worse,
they're talking about with
the satellites that actually
have a blanket of 5G everywhere
you go on the planet,
this could be devastating.
>> REGINA: So what you're saying
is that potentially carbon 60,
CBD, and maybe even Imuregen,
might be helpful as antidotes
to protect us against
the effects of the 5G.
Which is-- it's good news
to know that anything might.
But one thing I've
learned for sure
is not all CBD products,
not all carbon 60 products,
are created the same.
>> STREETER: Absolutely.
>> REGINA: And so now this
opens up a whole other world
for people to have to
navigate through and say,
I don't feel anything.
>> STREETER: Right.
>> REGINA: And someone
else to say, oh my god,
my whole life is
changed on this stuff.
This world is like
anything else.
It's new.
It's the Wild West.
And no one knows who
to trust anymore.
And people don't
necessarily have money
to just throw down the drain.
>> STREETER: Right.
>> REGINA: So how do you
even begin that process
of discernment?
>> STREETER: Well--
>> REGINA: I mean, I know you
guys are trying to do your due
diligence and get
clean products.
And there are other
people who are really--
and you have to find the
people you resonate with
and you think are leading
you down the right path.
But what do you not fall for?
>> STREETER: Price.
>> REGINA: What does that mean?
>> STREETER: Well, you
get what you pay for.
I mean it's true
with cars and homes.
And it's true with
these products.
Right?
And plus, we've been
trained by NASA people
and the top physicists
behind all this.
We're some of the first
people to roll out the carbon.
We have some of the
best minds in the world
here in Boulder working
on our CBD product, which
is Spagyric, which is very
important if your viewers want
to look that up.
S--P-A-G-Y-R-I-C.
We're actually able to
capture the entire entourage
effect and all of the
essence of the plant.
This is old alchemy.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> STREETER: Much farther above
just a tincture or a gummy bear
or what have you.
This is-- and you can taste it.
It's magnificent, like a
fine olive oil or something.
You can just taste the
richness and the depth of it.
And smaller doses
actually go farther
with animals and people.
>> REGINA: Which is nice, cause
that evens out the pricing
issue, because if it's more
expensive, if you need less,
that's a good thing.
>> STREETER: And if you
add the carbon to it,
now you're getting two
birds with one stone.
And it's 200 times more powerful
than vitamin C. Chelates
4,000 goodies out of the body.
>> REGINA: And just for clarity,
the CBD does not have the same
effects on the brain for
example, that THC does.
>> STREETER: No.
We have military people and
cops and helicopter pilots,
people who cannot afford
to be stoned or taking--
losing a drug test to THC.
Right.
But to be clear, ours does
have 0.3% or less THC,
which is really important.
That's a booster.
A 100% CBD product
is not going to have
the same effect as
that little bit of THC
that acts like a high
test, if you will.
>> REGINA: OK.
Because one thing I came across
recently and I am concerned
about-- and we don't
have time to go there--
is that we now have pot
legal in certain states.
It's coming to most
states, I believe.
And I started--
I looked at this
a few years ago.
And I thought, hm.
Soma.
Brave new world.
And I started thinking
about the effect
of that type of placid
society that's chilled,
and what the advantage
could be in that.
Right?
So hemp, THC is being credited
with a lot of wonderful things.
But one thing I've
learned as of late
is that it also reduces
the production of dopamine.
This is not good.
This is your frontal
lobe functioning.
>> STREETER: Right.
>> REGINA: And this is your
ability to navigate your way
through life and to think and
discern and apply your will
and your thought.
And when your dopamine
action is down,
you're also looking at things
like potentially Alzheimer's
in the end and so forth.
So this is a whole
other subject that I'd
like to go into one
day about the benefits
versus the detriment of having
a society that's smoking weed
all the time.
>> STREETER: Well, as
a 25-year pot user,
that's really changed
my life, honestly.
Gotten me off of pharmaceuticals
and what have you.
But then to transition
from smoking to edibles,
and then away from Rick Simpson
oil and what have you to CBDs.
If your viewers call me, we
can have this discussion.
It's very important,
especially for children
and elderly and sensitives.
>> REGINA: Thank you.
I'm glad I brought it up.
Because we're out of time now.
And I felt like--
I didn't know why--
I needed to bring it up
so that what you just said
is important,
because I'm getting--
I'm becoming very
concerned, especially
about a young generation
that's finding
there's not a lot of
resources left for them.
And they're struggling to
find their way in the world.
And weed's a really
easy way out.
And thinking what's going
to happen to their brain
down the road, I'm concerned.
>> STREETER: The CBD edibles
are a higher state of being than
smoking pot all the time.
Just honestly.
>> REGINA: OK.
Well, there's our
little statement.
So Glenn, thank you so
much for coming back.
You've just loaded people up
with tons of new information
they can start researching.
And you know, it's always
fascinating to learn from you
kind of the latest and
greatest of what's out there.
And I'm thinking, oh
my god, that's what?
6,000, 8,000, 500.
What can I afford here?
Meanwhile, people can get
in touch with you directly.
So again, thank you Glenn.
>> STREETER: Thanks, Regina.
>> REGINA: Appreciate it.
You can go to
energymedfit.com to learn more
about Glenn's work and
some of these technologies
we've just been talking about.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[MUSIC PLAYING]